he was a hell of a guy Lee you're a
murderer we can't have you with us
I actually agree Kenny what the fuck
sorry bad joke you're a murderer Lily we
can't have you with us I'm a murderer
you're a murderer Lily Bloody Mary I
don't know what the fuck you're saying
but I know it's bullshit
I don't have no time left that he said
it he said get in Lee let's go you guys
hell no man
I'm not leaving oh fuck you and her it
was me
Ben shut the fuck up okay sure I love
you auto chair ducks fucking dead me too
it's just a bad dream
nope yeah what is it are you fucking
serious you're fucking stupid Ben I
could kill you Lee the lights are
shaking again they get that fuck back
inside why don't you and I go look
around shut the fuck up fuck you Lee
whoa what the fuck suppose we gotta look
him over
yeah
that light is blinking push it push it
why not are you fucking serious here
look
one self-destruct process if I was you
fucking idiots
well fucking done he gave us candy been
too
fuck is wrong with you I'm awful sorry
your son's not feeling good I may
appreciate your concern duck sick how to
slap you what's wrong with you he's
getting sicker let me look at it I'm
lonely fuck that man I mean yes son told
me you fucking liar that ain't true
you're in denial you're right I'm sorry
the boys no meat case you haven't
figured that out what's happening hi Joe
business
get-get gotcha
I'm Omid I'm Omid I'm Omid I'm Omid
what do you think is about what Chuck
said what Chuck see Omid hey how you
doing I will kill you I suppose someone
had to it was me huh I mean what I hi
nobody can see you I I can I toss you
over right I hi now I'd be done with no
I please please
why should not I we have to talk about
your hair it's not safe
that's not nice what are you saying it
smells smells like shit my parents were
in Savannah I know look
no I don't care about safety I care
about finding them fucking dad thing's
not full of gas Charles its milk
something that's gonna explode anything
goes sideways up there we won't let them
escape if I come up there you better
beat murderers or thieves I guess you'll
have to find out hey dude I'm Omid put
the gun down bitch
we gotta go I know me